PITCH 1: Health Insurance Exchange Public Use Files (PUF's)
Purpose: Investigate whether the cost of medical coverage is influenced by race or income level.
Data: Latest PUF data (2018 plan year). Medical plans (QHP's) only, no dental (SADP's).
Set up a linear regression model to predict cost of coverage given attributes including:
	Plan provisions (deductibles, maximums, etc.)
	Demographics (Age, tobacco use)
	Coverage level (single, family, etc.)
	Geographic location (zip code) -- See further notes.
This will primarily make use of the plan-level PUF's:
	Rate
	Plan Attributes
	Business Rules
There are probably too many zip codes to use as a categorical variable.
I'd like to bring in external census data with racial makeup and median income by area code.
The goal would be to substitute the zip code field with a field for racial diversity by zip and a field for median income by zip.
Ultimately, the goal is to understand the relationship between race and income on cost of medical coverage.

PITCH 2: Chicago Bike Share (Divvy) Data
Divvy station and individual trip information going back to 2013 can be found here:
<https://www.divvybikes.com/system-data>
The goal here is to predict the "bike differential" for a given station for a given hour.
	Every trip started from the station is a bike "removed".
	Every trip ended at the station is a bike "added".
In addition to predicting based on date and time of day, external data regarding Chicago weather could be brought in.
I'd like to be able to use the station location data (latitude and longitude) to plot the stations on a map in Tableau.
The user could pick a date and then it would should the predicted differential for each station over the course of that day.
I have a Tableau license that I could put to use for that.

PITCH 3: Chicago Bike Share (Divvy) Data
Divvy station and individual trip information going back to 2013 can be found here:
<https://www.divvybikes.com/system-data>
I'd like to attempt to write a script that does the following for each trip:
	1) Input the start station and end station latitude and longitude into Google Maps as start and end points for a trip
	2) Pull in the WALKING directions returned for that trip
	3) This will provide the most direct route for each station combination that avoids highways
	4) Plot the routes on a map in Tableau to show frequency
	5) Overlay that map with the bike routes currently existing in Chicago
This will show, based on Divvy usage, where we new bike routes would be most useful to directly link the most popular bike start and end points.

